Port workshop content from private repo (#24)
vendia/examples: workshops/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/README-Milestone4.md

# Milestone 4 - Collaborate using a Shared Source of Truth

> In this section, you will act as both the Supplier and the Distributor as you collaborate on the shared Uni created in Milestone 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you will act as both the Supplier and the Distributor as you collaborate on the shared Uni created in [Milestone 3](README-Milestone3.md).
```

## Collaborate Using the GraphQL Explorer

> Each node in a Vendia Share Uni has its own GraphQL endpoint.  The GraphQL Explorer of each node is configured to talk to its respective node's custom GraphQL endpoint, which we'll target in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each node in a Vendia Share Uni has its own GraphQL endpoint.  The GraphQL Explorer of each node is configured to work with its respective node's custom GraphQL endpoint, which we'll target in this section.
```

    * Replace the `purchaseOrderId` placeholder values below with the `_id` values of the purchase orders listed in the previous step.  This associates the purchase orders and the scheduled delivery.

```
mutation scheduleDelivery {
  add_Delivery_async(input: {status: scheduled, expectedDateTime: "2022-01-28T12:00:00Z", purchaseOrders: [{purchaseOrderId: "017e9989-52dd-eaa0-7c58-43a39bfc8b9d"}, {purchaseOrderId: "017e994e-c2a3-0bac-cd67-d23d6af22680"}]}) {
    result {
      _id
      _owner
      submissionTime
      transactionId
      version
    }
    error
  }
}
```

## Collaborate Using the Entity Explorer
The Supplier may need to change the expected date of an upcoming delivery.

### Changing an Expected Delivery
* Open the `Entity Explorer` of the **SupplierNode**
* Select `Delivery` in the left navigation pane
    * The sole delivery shown should be identical to the one you submitted in the previous section
* Select the delivery by clicking on its `_id` value
* Click on the `Edit` button
* Modify the `expectedDateTime` to be later today
* Save the changes

> 

Reviewer: It might be helpful to have the participant use the Entity Explorer from both nodes to confirm the mutations that have been run are reflected across both nodes.

Author: Good call.  Will add.

Author: Added
